IAM()									 IAM()



NAME
       iam -

DESCRIPTION
       AWS  Identity and Access Management (IAM) is a web service that you can
       use to manage users and user permissions under your AWS	account.  This
       guide  provides	descriptions  of  the IAM API. For general information
       about IAM, see AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) . For the  user
       guide for IAM, see Using IAM .

       NOTE:
	  AWS provides SDKs that consist of libraries and sample code for var-
	  ious programming languages and platforms (Java, Ruby, .NET, iOS, An-
	  droid,  etc.).  The SDKs provide a convenient way to create program-
	  matic access to IAM and AWS. For example,  the  SDKs	take  care  of
	  tasks such as cryptographically signing requests (see below), manag-
	  ing errors, and retrying  requests  automatically.  For  information
	  about  the AWS SDKs, including how to download and install them, see
	  the Tools for Amazon Web Services page.

       Using the IAM Query API, you make direct calls to the IAM web  service.
       IAM  supports  GET  and POST requests for all actions. That is, the API
       does not require you to use GET for some actions and POST  for  others.
       However,  GET requests are subject to the limitation size of a URL; al-
       though this limit is browser dependent, a typical limit is 2048	bytes.
       Therefore,  for	operations  that  require larger sizes, you must use a
       POST request.

       Signing Requests Requests must be signed using an access key ID	and  a
       secret  access  key. We strongly recommend that you do not use your AWS
       account access key ID and secret access key for everyday work with IAM.
       You  can use the access key ID and secret access key for an IAM user or
       you can use the AWS Security Token Service to generate temporary  secu-
       rity credentials and use those to sign requests.

       To  sign  requests,  we recommend that you use Signature Version 4 . If
       you have an existing application that uses Signature Version 2, you  do
       not  have to update it to use Signature Version 4. However, some opera-
       tions now require Signature Version 4. The documentation for operations
       that require version 4 indicate this requirement.

       Additional Resources For more information, see the following:

       o AWS  Security	Credentials  . This topic provides general information
	 about the types of credentials used for accessing AWS.

       o IAM Best Practices . This topic presents a list  of  suggestions  for
	 using the IAM service to help secure your AWS resources.

       o AWS  Security	Token Service . This guide describes how to create and
	 use temporary security credentials.

       o Signing AWS API Requests . This set of topics walk  you  through  the
	 process of signing a request using an access key ID and secret access
	 key.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o add-role-to-instance-profile

       o add-user-to-group

       o change-password

       o create-access-key

       o create-account-alias

       o create-group

       o create-instance-profile

       o create-login-profile

       o create-role

       o create-saml-provider

       o create-user

       o create-virtual-mfa-device

       o deactivate-mfa-device

       o delete-access-key

       o delete-account-alias

       o delete-account-password-policy

       o delete-group

       o delete-group-policy

       o delete-instance-profile

       o delete-login-profile

       o delete-role

       o delete-role-policy

       o delete-saml-provider

       o delete-server-certificate

       o delete-signing-certificate

       o delete-user

       o delete-user-policy

       o delete-virtual-mfa-device

       o enable-mfa-device

       o get-account-password-policy

       o get-account-summary

       o get-group

       o get-group-policy

       o get-instance-profile

       o get-login-profile

       o get-role

       o get-role-policy

       o get-saml-provider

       o get-server-certificate

       o get-user

       o get-user-policy

       o help

       o list-access-keys

       o list-account-aliases

       o list-group-policies

       o list-groups

       o list-groups-for-user

       o list-instance-profiles

       o list-instance-profiles-for-role

       o list-mfa-devices

       o list-role-policies

       o list-roles

       o list-saml-providers

       o list-server-certificates

       o list-signing-certificates

       o list-user-policies

       o list-users

       o list-virtual-mfa-devices

       o put-group-policy

       o put-role-policy

       o put-user-policy

       o remove-role-from-instance-profile

       o remove-user-from-group

       o resync-mfa-device

       o update-access-key

       o update-account-password-policy

       o update-assume-role-policy

       o update-group

       o update-login-profile

       o update-saml-provider

       o update-server-certificate

       o update-signing-certificate

       o update-user

       o upload-server-certificate

       o upload-signing-certificate



									 IAM()
