RESOURCEGROUPSTAGGINGAPI()			    RESOURCEGROUPSTAGGINGAPI()



NAME
       resourcegroupstaggingapi -

DESCRIPTION
       This  guide  describes  the API operations for the resource groups tag-
       ging.

       A tag is a label that you assign to an AWS resource. A tag consists  of
       a  key  and a value, both of which you define. For example, if you have
       two Amazon EC2 instances, you might assign both a tag key  of  "Stack."
       But  the  value	of "Stack" might be "Testing" for one and "Production"
       for the other.

       Tagging can help you organize your resources and enables  you  to  sim-
       plify  resource	management, access management and cost allocation. For
       more information about tagging, see Working with Tag Editor and Working
       with  Resource Groups . For more information about permissions you need
       to use the resource groups tagging APIs, see Obtaining Permissions  for
       Resource Groups and Obtaining Permissions for Tagging .

       You  can use the resource groups tagging APIs to complete the following
       tasks:

       o Tag and untag supported resources located in the specified region for
	 the AWS account

       o Use  tag-based  filters to search for resources located in the speci-
	 fied region for the AWS account

       o List all existing tag keys in the specified region for  the  AWS  ac-
	 count

       o List  all  existing values for the specified key in the specified re-
	 gion for the AWS account

       Not all resources can have tags. For a lists of resources that you  can
       tag,  see Supported Resources in the AWS Resource Groups and Tag Editor
       User Guide .

       To make full use of the resource groups tagging APIs,  you  might  need
       additional  IAM	permissions,  including  permission  to access the re-
       sources of individual services as well as permission to view and  apply
       tags  to  those	resources. For more information, see Obtaining Permis-
       sions for Tagging in the AWS Resource Groups and Tag Editor User  Guide
       .

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o get-resources

       o get-tag-keys

       o get-tag-values

       o help

       o tag-resources

       o untag-resources



						    RESOURCEGROUPSTAGGINGAPI()
