WAFV2() 							       WAFV2()



NAME
       wafv2 -

DESCRIPTION
       NOTE:
	  This is the latest version of the AWS WAF API, released in November,
	  2019. The names of the entities that you use	to  access  this  API,
	  like	endpoints  and namespaces, all have the versioning information
	  added, like "V2" or "v2", to distinguish from the prior version.  We
	  recommend migrating your resources to this version, because it has a
	  number of significant improvements.

	  If you used AWS WAF prior to this release, you can't	use  this  AWS
	  WAFV2  API  to access any AWS WAF resources that you created before.
	  You can access your old rules, web ACLs, and other AWS WAF resources
	  only through the AWS WAF Classic APIs. The AWS WAF Classic APIs have
	  retained the prior names, endpoints, and namespaces.

	  For information, including how to migrate your AWS WAF resources  to
	  this version, see the AWS WAF Developer Guide .

       AWS  WAF  is  a web application firewall that lets you monitor the HTTP
       and HTTPS requests that are forwarded to Amazon CloudFront,  an	Amazon
       API  Gateway  REST API, an Application Load Balancer, or an AWS AppSync
       GraphQL API. AWS WAF also lets you  control  access  to	your  content.
       Based on conditions that you specify, such as the IP addresses that re-
       quests originate from or the values of query strings, the  API  Gateway
       REST  API,  CloudFront  distribution, the Application Load Balancer, or
       the AWS AppSync GraphQL API responds to requests either	with  the  re-
       quested	content  or with an HTTP 403 status code (Forbidden). You also
       can configure CloudFront to return a custom error page when  a  request
       is blocked.

       This  API  guide  is for developers who need detailed information about
       AWS WAF API actions, data types, and errors. For  detailed  information
       about  AWS  WAF features and an overview of how to use AWS WAF, see the
       AWS WAF Developer Guide .

       You can make calls using the endpoints listed in AWS Service  Endpoints
       for AWS WAF .

       o For  regional	applications,  you can use any of the endpoints in the
	 list. A regional application can  be  an  Application	Load  Balancer
	 (ALB), an API Gateway REST API, or an AppSync GraphQL API.

       o For AWS CloudFront applications, you must use the API endpoint listed
	 for US East (N. Virginia): us-east-1.

       Alternatively, you can use one of the AWS SDKs to access an API	that's
       tailored to the programming language or platform that you're using. For
       more information, see AWS SDKs .

       We currently provide two versions of the AWS WAF API: this API and  the
       prior  versions,  the  classic  AWS WAF APIs. This new API provides the
       same functionality as the older versions, with the following major  im-
       provements:

       o You  use one API for both global and regional applications. Where you
	 need to distinguish the scope, you specify a Scope parameter and  set
	 it to CLOUDFRONT or REGIONAL .

       o You can define a Web ACL or rule group with a single call, and update
	 it with a single call. You define all	rule  specifications  in  JSON
	 format, and pass them to your rule group or Web ACL calls.

       o The  limits  AWS WAF places on the use of rules more closely reflects
	 the cost of running each type of rule. Rule groups  include  capacity
	 settings,  so	you know the maximum cost of a rule group when you use
	 it.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o associate-web-acl

       o check-capacity

       o create-ip-set

       o create-regex-pattern-set

       o create-rule-group

       o create-web-acl

       o delete-firewall-manager-rule-groups

       o delete-ip-set

       o delete-logging-configuration

       o delete-permission-policy

       o delete-regex-pattern-set

       o delete-rule-group

       o delete-web-acl

       o describe-managed-rule-group

       o disassociate-web-acl

       o get-ip-set

       o get-logging-configuration

       o get-permission-policy

       o get-rate-based-statement-managed-keys

       o get-regex-pattern-set

       o get-rule-group

       o get-sampled-requests

       o get-web-acl

       o get-web-acl-for-resource

       o help

       o list-available-managed-rule-groups

       o list-ip-sets

       o list-logging-configurations

       o list-regex-pattern-sets

       o list-resources-for-web-acl

       o list-rule-groups

       o list-tags-for-resource

       o list-web-acls

       o put-logging-configuration

       o put-permission-policy

       o tag-resource

       o untag-resource

       o update-ip-set

       o update-regex-pattern-set

       o update-rule-group

       o update-web-acl



								       WAFV2()
