AUTOSCALING()							 AUTOSCALING()



NAME
       autoscaling -

DESCRIPTION
       Auto  Scaling is a web service designed to automatically launch or ter-
       minate Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon  EC2)  instances  based  on
       user-defined  policies,	schedules,  and health checks. This service is
       used in conjunction with Amazon CloudWatch and Elastic  Load  Balancing
       services.

       Auto  Scaling provides APIs that you can call by submitting a Query Re-
       quest. Query requests are HTTP or HTTPS	requests  that	use  the  HTTP
       verbs  GET or POST and a Query parameter named Action or Operation that
       specifies the API you are calling. Action is used throughout this docu-
       mentation,  although  Operation is also supported for backward compati-
       bility with other Amazon Web Services (AWS) Query APIs.

       Calling the API using a Query request is the most direct way to	access
       the  web  service,  but requires that your application handle low-level
       details such as generating the hash to sign the request and error  han-
       dling. The benefit of calling the service using a Query request is that
       you are assured of having access to the complete functionality  of  the
       API. For information about signing a a query request, see Use Query Re-
       quests to Call Auto Scaling APIs

       This guide provides detailed information about  Auto  Scaling  actions,
       data types, parameters, and errors. For detailed information about Auto
       Scaling features and their associated API actions, go to the Auto Scal-
       ing Developer Guide .

       This reference is based on the current WSDL, which is available at:

       http://autoscaling.amazonaws.com/doc/2011-01-01/AutoScaling.wsdl

       Endpoints

       The  examples  in this guide assume that your instances are launched in
       the US East (Northern Virginia) region and use us-east-1  as  the  end-
       point.

       You  can  set up your Auto Scaling infrastructure in other AWS regions.
       For information about this product's regions and endpoints, see Regions
       and Endpoints in the Amazon Web Services General Reference.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o attach-instances

       o complete-lifecycle-action

       o create-auto-scaling-group

       o create-launch-configuration

       o create-or-update-tags

       o delete-auto-scaling-group

       o delete-launch-configuration

       o delete-lifecycle-hook

       o delete-notification-configuration

       o delete-policy

       o delete-scheduled-action

       o delete-tags

       o describe-account-limits

       o describe-adjustment-types

       o describe-auto-scaling-groups

       o describe-auto-scaling-instances

       o describe-auto-scaling-notification-types

       o describe-launch-configurations

       o describe-lifecycle-hook-types

       o describe-lifecycle-hooks

       o describe-metric-collection-types

       o describe-notification-configurations

       o describe-policies

       o describe-scaling-activities

       o describe-scaling-process-types

       o describe-scheduled-actions

       o describe-tags

       o describe-termination-policy-types

       o detach-instances

       o disable-metrics-collection

       o enable-metrics-collection

       o enter-standby

       o execute-policy

       o exit-standby

       o help

       o put-lifecycle-hook

       o put-notification-configuration

       o put-scaling-policy

       o put-scheduled-update-group-action

       o record-lifecycle-action-heartbeat

       o resume-processes

       o set-desired-capacity

       o set-instance-health

       o suspend-processes

       o terminate-instance-in-auto-scaling-group

       o update-auto-scaling-group



								 AUTOSCALING()
