CODECOMMIT()							  CODECOMMIT()



NAME
       codecommit -

DESCRIPTION
       This  is the AWS CodeCommit API Reference . This reference provides de-
       scriptions of the operations and data  types  for  AWS  CodeCommit  API
       along with usage examples.

       You can use the AWS CodeCommit API to work with the following objects:

       Repositories, by calling the following:

       o batch-get-repositories  , which returns information about one or more
	 repositories associated with your AWS account.

       o create-repository , which creates an AWS CodeCommit repository.

       o delete-repository , which deletes an AWS CodeCommit repository.

       o get-repository , which returns information about a specified  reposi-
	 tory.

       o list-repositories , which lists all AWS CodeCommit repositories asso-
	 ciated with your AWS account.

       o update-repository-description , which sets or updates the description
	 of the repository.

       o update-repository-name , which changes the name of the repository. If
	 you change the name of a repository, no other users of  that  reposi-
	 tory  will  be able to access it until you send them the new HTTPS or
	 SSH URL to use.

       Branches, by calling the following:

       o create-branch , which creates a new branch in a specified repository.

       o delete-branch , which deletes the specified branch  in  a  repository
	 unless it is the default branch.

       o get-branch , which returns information about a specified branch.

       o list-branches , which lists all branches for a specified repository.

       o update-default-branch , which changes the default branch for a repos-
	 itory.

       Files, by calling the following:

       o put-file , which adds or modifies a file in  a  specified  repository
	 and branch.

       Information  about  committed code in a repository, by calling the fol-
       lowing:

       o get-blob , which returns the base-64 encoded content of an individual
	 Git blob object within a repository.

       o get-commit , which returns information about a commit, including com-
	 mit messages and author and committer information.

       o get-differences , which returns information about the differences  in
	 a  valid  commit specifier (such as a branch, tag, HEAD, commit ID or
	 other fully qualified reference).

       Pull requests, by calling the following:

       o create-pull-request , which creates a pull  request  in  a  specified
	 repository.

       o describe-pull-request-events , which returns information about one or
	 more pull request events.

       o get-comments-for-pull-request , which returns information about  com-
	 ments on a specified pull request.

       o get-merge-conflicts , which returns information about merge conflicts
	 between the source and destination branch in a pull request.

       o get-pull-request , which returns information about a  specified  pull
	 request.

       o list-pull-requests , which lists all pull requests for a repository.

       o merge-pull-request-by-fast-forward , which merges the source destina-
	 tion branch of a pull request into the specified  destination	branch
	 for that pull request using the fast-forward merge option.

       o post-comment-for-pull-request	,  which posts a comment to a pull re-
	 quest at the specified line, file, or request.

       o update-pull-request-description , which updates the description of  a
	 pull request.

       o update-pull-request-status  ,	which updates the status of a pull re-
	 quest.

       o update-pull-request-title , which updates the title  of  a  pull  re-
	 quest.

       Information about comments in a repository, by calling the following:

       o delete-comment-content  , which deletes the content of a comment on a
	 commit in a repository.

       o get-comment , which returns information about a comment on a commit.

       o get-comments-for-compared-commit , which  returns  information  about
	 comments on the comparison between two commit specifiers in a reposi-
	 tory.

       o post-comment-for-compared-commit , which creates  a  comment  on  the
	 comparison between two commit specifiers in a repository.

       o post-comment-reply , which creates a reply to a comment.

       o update-comment  ,  which updates the content of a comment on a commit
	 in a repository.

       Triggers, by calling the following:

       o get-repository-triggers , which returns  information  about  triggers
	 configured for a repository.

       o put-repository-triggers  ,  which replaces all triggers for a reposi-
	 tory and can be used to create or delete triggers.

       o test-repository-triggers , which tests the functionality of a reposi-
	 tory trigger by sending data to the trigger target.

       For information about how to use AWS CodeCommit, see the AWS CodeCommit
       User Guide .

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o batch-get-repositories

       o create-branch

       o create-pull-request

       o create-repository

       o credential-helper

       o delete-branch

       o delete-comment-content

       o delete-repository

       o describe-pull-request-events

       o get-blob

       o get-branch

       o get-comment

       o get-comments-for-compared-commit

       o get-comments-for-pull-request

       o get-commit

       o get-differences

       o get-merge-conflicts

       o get-pull-request

       o get-repository

       o get-repository-triggers

       o help

       o list-branches

       o list-pull-requests

       o list-repositories

       o merge-pull-request-by-fast-forward

       o post-comment-for-compared-commit

       o post-comment-for-pull-request

       o post-comment-reply

       o put-file

       o put-repository-triggers

       o test-repository-triggers

       o update-comment

       o update-default-branch

       o update-pull-request-description

       o update-pull-request-status

       o update-pull-request-title

       o update-repository-description

       o update-repository-name



								  CODECOMMIT()
