DETECTIVE()							   DETECTIVE()



NAME
       detective -

DESCRIPTION
       Detective  uses	machine  learning  and purpose-built visualizations to
       help you analyze and investigate security issues across your Amazon Web
       Services  (AWS)	workloads. Detective automatically extracts time-based
       events such as login attempts, API calls, and network traffic from  AWS
       CloudTrail  and Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) flow logs. It
       also extracts findings detected by Amazon GuardDuty.

       The Detective API primarily supports the  creation  and	management  of
       behavior  graphs.  A  behavior graph contains the extracted data from a
       set of member accounts, and is created and managed by an  administrator
       account.

       Every  behavior graph is specific to a Region. You can only use the API
       to manage graphs that belong to the Region that is associated with  the
       currently selected endpoint.

       A  Detective  administrator account can use the Detective API to do the
       following:

       o Enable and disable Detective. Enabling Detective creates a new behav-
	 ior graph.

       o View the list of member accounts in a behavior graph.

       o Add member accounts to a behavior graph.

       o Remove member accounts from a behavior graph.

       A member account can use the Detective API to do the following:

       o View the list of behavior graphs that they are invited to.

       o Accept an invitation to contribute to a behavior graph.

       o Decline an invitation to contribute to a behavior graph.

       o Remove their account from a behavior graph.

       All  API actions are logged as CloudTrail events. See Logging Detective
       API Calls with CloudTrail .

       NOTE:
	  We replaced the term "master account" with the  term	"administrator
	  account."  An administrator account is used to centrally manage mul-
	  tiple accounts. In the case of Detective, the administrator  account
	  manages the accounts in their behavior graph.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o accept-invitation

       o create-graph

       o create-members

       o delete-graph

       o delete-members

       o disassociate-membership

       o get-members

       o help

       o list-graphs

       o list-invitations

       o list-members

       o list-tags-for-resource

       o reject-invitation

       o start-monitoring-member

       o tag-resource

       o untag-resource



								   DETECTIVE()
