SAGEMAKER-A2I-RUNTIME() 			       SAGEMAKER-A2I-RUNTIME()



NAME
       sagemaker-a2i-runtime -

DESCRIPTION
       Amazon Augmented AI (Augmented AI) (Preview) is a service that adds hu-
       man judgment to any machine learning application. Human	reviewers  can
       take over when an AI application can't evaluate data with a high degree
       of confidence.

       From fraudulent bank transaction identification to document  processing
       to image analysis, machine learning models can be trained to make deci-
       sions as well as or better than a human. Nevertheless,  some  decisions
       require	contextual  interpretation,  such  as  when you need to decide
       whether an image is appropriate for a given audience.  Content  modera-
       tion  guidelines  are nuanced and highly dependent on context, and they
       vary between countries. When trying to apply AI	in  these  situations,
       you can be forced to choose between "ML only" systems with unacceptably
       high error rates or "human only" systems that are expensive and	diffi-
       cult to scale, and that slow down decision making.

       This  API  reference  includes  information  about API actions and data
       types you can use to interact with Augmented AI programmatically.

       You can create a flow definition against the Augmented AI API.  Provide
       the  Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN) of a flow definition to integrate AI
       service APIs, such as Textract.AnalyzeDocument and  Rekognition.Detect-
       ModerationLabels  . These AI services, in turn, invoke the  StartHuman-
       Loop API, which evaluates conditions under which  humans  will  be  in-
       voked.  If  humans are required, Augmented AI creates a human loop. Re-
       sults of human work are available asynchronously in Amazon Simple Stor-
       age Service (Amazon S3). You can use Amazon CloudWatch Events to detect
       human work results.

       You can find additional Augmented AI API documentation in the following
       reference  guides:  Amazon  Rekognition , Amazon SageMaker , and Amazon
       Textract .

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o delete-human-loop

       o describe-human-loop

       o help

       o list-human-loops

       o start-human-loop

       o stop-human-loop



						       SAGEMAKER-A2I-RUNTIME()
