DATAPIPELINE()							DATAPIPELINE()



NAME
       datapipeline -

DESCRIPTION
       This  is  the AWS Data Pipeline API Reference . This guide provides de-
       scriptions and samples of the AWS Data Pipeline API.

       AWS Data Pipeline is a  web  service  that  configures  and  manages  a
       data-driven  workflow  called a pipeline. AWS Data Pipeline handles the
       details of scheduling and ensuring that data dependencies  are  met  so
       your application can focus on processing the data.

       The  AWS  Data  Pipeline API implements two main sets of functionality.
       The first set of actions configure the pipeline in the web service. You
       call these actions to create a pipeline and define data sources, sched-
       ules, dependencies, and the transforms to be performed on the data.

       The second set of actions are used by a task  runner  application  that
       calls the AWS Data Pipeline API to receive the next task ready for pro-
       cessing. The logic for performing the task, such as querying the  data,
       running	data  analysis,  or converting the data from one format to an-
       other, is contained within the task runner. The	task  runner  performs
       the  task  assigned to it by the web service, reporting progress to the
       web service as it does so. When the task is done, the task  runner  re-
       ports the final success or failure of the task to the web service.

       AWS Data Pipeline provides an open-source implementation of a task run-
       ner called AWS Data Pipeline Task Runner. AWS Data Pipeline Task Runner
       provides logic for common data management scenarios, such as performing
       database queries and running data analysis using Amazon Elastic	MapRe-
       duce  (Amazon  EMR).  You can use AWS Data Pipeline Task Runner as your
       task runner, or you can write your own task runner  to  provide	custom
       data management.

       The  AWS  Data  Pipeline  API uses the Signature Version 4 protocol for
       signing requests. For more information about how to sign a request with
       this  protocol,	see  Signature Version 4 Signing Process . In the code
       examples in this reference, the Signature Version 4 Request  parameters
       are represented as AuthParams.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o activate-pipeline

       o create-pipeline

       o delete-pipeline

       o describe-objects

       o describe-pipelines

       o evaluate-expression

       o get-pipeline-definition

       o help

       o list-pipelines

       o list-runs

       o poll-for-task

       o put-pipeline-definition

       o query-objects

       o report-task-progress

       o report-task-runner-heartbeat

       o set-status

       o set-task-status

       o validate-pipeline-definition



								DATAPIPELINE()
