EBS()									 EBS()



NAME
       ebs -

DESCRIPTION
       You  can use the Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) direct APIs to
       create EBS snapshots, write data directly to your snapshots, read  data
       on  your snapshots, and identify the differences or changes between two
       snapshots. If youre an independent software  vendor  (ISV)  who	offers
       backup  services for Amazon EBS, the EBS direct APIs make it more effi-
       cient and cost-effective to track incremental changes on your EBS  vol-
       umes  through  snapshots. This can be done without having to create new
       volumes from snapshots, and then use Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Ama-
       zon EC2) instances to compare the differences.

       You  can  create  incremental  snapshots directly from data on-premises
       into EBS volumes and the cloud to use for quick disaster recovery. With
       the ability to write and read snapshots, you can write your on-premises
       data to an EBS snapshot during a disaster. Then after recovery, you can
       restore	it back to AWS or on-premises from the snapshot. You no longer
       need to build and maintain complex mechanisms to copy data to and  from
       Amazon EBS.

       This  API  reference  provides  detailed information about the actions,
       data types, parameters, and errors of the EBS direct APIs. For more in-
       formation  about the elements that make up the EBS direct APIs, and ex-
       amples of how to use them effectively, see Accessing the Contents of an
       EBS  Snapshot in the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide . For more
       information about the supported AWS  Regions,  endpoints,  and  service
       quotas  for  the  EBS  direct APIs, see Amazon Elastic Block Store End-
       points and Quotas in the AWS General Reference .

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o complete-snapshot

       o get-snapshot-block

       o help

       o list-changed-blocks

       o list-snapshot-blocks

       o put-snapshot-block

       o start-snapshot



									 EBS()
