REDSHIFT()							    REDSHIFT()



NAME
       redshift -

DESCRIPTION
	  Overview

       This is the Amazon Redshift API Reference. This guide provides descrip-
       tions and samples of the Amazon Redshift API.

       Amazon Redshift manages all the work  of  setting  up,  operating,  and
       scaling a data warehouse: provisioning capacity, monitoring and backing
       up the cluster, and applying patches and upgrades to  the  Amazon  Red-
       shift  engine. You can focus on using your data to acquire new insights
       for your business and customers.
	  Are You a First-Time Amazon Redshift User?

       If you are a first-time user of Amazon Redshift, we recommend that  you
       begin by reading the following sections:

       o Service Highlights and Pricing - The product detail page provides the
	 Amazon Redshift value proposition, service highlights and pricing.

       o Getting Started - The Getting Started Guide includes an example  that
	 walks	you  through the process of creating a cluster, creating data-
	 base tables, uploading data, and testing queries.

       After you complete the Getting Started Guide, we recommend that you ex-
       plore one of the following guides:

       o Cluster  Management - If you are responsible for managing Amazon Red-
	 shift clusters, the Cluster Management Guide shows you how to	create
	 and manage Amazon Redshift clusters. If you are an application devel-
	 oper, you can use the Amazon Redshift Query API  to  manage  clusters
	 programmatically.  Additionally,  the AWS SDK libraries that wrap the
	 underlying Amazon Redshift API simplify your  programming  tasks.  If
	 you  prefer  a more interactive way of managing clusters, you can use
	 the Amazon Redshift console and the AWS command line  interface  (AWS
	 CLI). For information about the API and CLI, go to the following man-
	 uals :   * API Reference (this document )

       o CLI Reference

       o Amazon Redshift Database Database Developer - If you are  a  database
	 developer,  the Amazon Redshift Database Developer Guide explains how
	 to design, build, query, and maintain the databases that make up your
	 data warehouse.

       For  a list of supported AWS regions where you can provision a cluster,
       go to the Regions and Endpoints section	in  the  Amazon  Web  Services
       Glossary .

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o authorize-cluster-security-group-ingress

       o authorize-snapshot-access

       o copy-cluster-snapshot

       o create-cluster

       o create-cluster-parameter-group

       o create-cluster-security-group

       o create-cluster-snapshot

       o create-cluster-subnet-group

       o delete-cluster

       o delete-cluster-parameter-group

       o delete-cluster-security-group

       o delete-cluster-snapshot

       o delete-cluster-subnet-group

       o describe-cluster-parameter-groups

       o describe-cluster-parameters

       o describe-cluster-security-groups

       o describe-cluster-snapshots

       o describe-cluster-subnet-groups

       o describe-cluster-versions

       o describe-clusters

       o describe-default-cluster-parameters

       o describe-events

       o describe-orderable-cluster-options

       o describe-reserved-node-offerings

       o describe-reserved-nodes

       o describe-resize

       o help

       o modify-cluster

       o modify-cluster-parameter-group

       o modify-cluster-subnet-group

       o purchase-reserved-node-offering

       o reboot-cluster

       o reset-cluster-parameter-group

       o restore-from-cluster-snapshot

       o revoke-cluster-security-group-ingress

       o revoke-snapshot-access



								    REDSHIFT()
