SECURITYHUB()							 SECURITYHUB()



NAME
       securityhub -

DESCRIPTION
       Security  Hub  provides	you  with a comprehensive view of the security
       state of your AWS environment and resources. It also provides you  with
       the  compliance status of your environment based on CIS AWS Foundations
       compliance checks. Security Hub collects security  data	from  AWS  ac-
       counts, services, and integrated third-party products and helps you an-
       alyze security trends in your environment to identify the highest  pri-
       ority security issues. For more information about Security Hub, see the
       * AWS Security Hub User Guide * .

       When you use operations in the Security Hub API, the requests are  exe-
       cuted  only  in	the AWS Region that is currently active or in the spe-
       cific AWS Region that you specify in your request. Any configuration or
       settings change that results from the operation is applied only to that
       Region. To make the same change in other Regions, execute the same com-
       mand  for  each Region to apply the change to. For example, if your Re-
       gion is set to us-west-2 , when you use CreateMembers to add  a	member
       account to Security Hub, the association of the member account with the
       master account is created only in the us-west-2	Region.  Security  Hub
       must  be enabled for the member account in the same Region that the in-
       vite was sent from.

       The following throttling limits apply to using Security Hub API	opera-
       tions:

       o GetFindings - RateLimit of 3 requests per second, and a BurstLimit of
	 6 requests per second.

       o UpdateFindings - RateLimit of 1 request per second, and a  BurstLimit
	 of 5 requests per second.

       o All  other  operations  -  RateLimit  of 10 request per second, and a
	 BurstLimit of 30 requests per second.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o accept-invitation

       o batch-disable-standards

       o batch-enable-standards

       o batch-import-findings

       o create-action-target

       o create-insight

       o create-members

       o decline-invitations

       o delete-action-target

       o delete-insight

       o delete-invitations

       o delete-members

       o describe-action-targets

       o describe-hub

       o describe-products

       o disable-import-findings-for-product

       o disable-security-hub

       o disassociate-from-master-account

       o disassociate-members

       o enable-import-findings-for-product

       o enable-security-hub

       o get-enabled-standards

       o get-findings

       o get-insight-results

       o get-insights

       o get-invitations-count

       o get-master-account

       o get-members

       o help

       o invite-members

       o list-enabled-products-for-import

       o list-invitations

       o list-members

       o list-tags-for-resource

       o tag-resource

       o untag-resource

       o update-action-target

       o update-findings

       o update-insight



								 SECURITYHUB()
