APPLICATION-AUTOSCALING()			     APPLICATION-AUTOSCALING()



NAME
       application-autoscaling -

DESCRIPTION
       With  Application Auto Scaling, you can configure automatic scaling for
       your scalable resources. You can use Application Auto Scaling to accom-
       plish the following tasks:

       o Define scaling policies to automatically scale your AWS or custom re-
	 sources

       o Scale your resources in response to CloudWatch alarms

       o Schedule one-time or recurring scaling actions

       o View the history of your scaling events

       Application Auto Scaling can scale the following resources:

       o Amazon ECS services. For more information, see Service  Auto  Scaling
	 in the Amazon Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

       o Amazon  EC2  Spot fleets. For more information, see Automatic Scaling
	 for Spot Fleet in the Amazon EC2 User Guide .

       o Amazon EMR clusters. For more information, see Using Automatic  Scal-
	 ing in Amazon EMR in the Amazon EMR Management Guide .

       o AppStream  2.0  fleets.  For more information, see Fleet Auto Scaling
	 for Amazon AppStream 2.0 in the Amazon AppStream 2.0 Developer  Guide
	 .

       o Provisioned  read  and  write capacity for Amazon DynamoDB tables and
	 global secondary indexes. For more information, see Managing Through-
	 put  Capacity	Automatically with DynamoDB Auto Scaling in the Amazon
	 DynamoDB Developer Guide .

       o Amazon Aurora Replicas. For more information, see Using Amazon Aurora
	 Auto Scaling with Aurora Replicas .

       o Amazon   SageMaker  endpoint  variants.  For  more  information,  see
	 Automatically Scaling Amazon SageMaker Models .

       o Custom resources provided by your own applications or services.  More
	 information is available in our GitHub repository .

       To  learn more about Application Auto Scaling, see the Application Auto
       Scaling User Guide .

       To configure automatic scaling for multiple resources  across  multiple
       services, use AWS Auto Scaling to create a scaling plan for your appli-
       cation. For more information, see the AWS Auto Scaling User Guide .

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o delete-scaling-policy

       o delete-scheduled-action

       o deregister-scalable-target

       o describe-scalable-targets

       o describe-scaling-activities

       o describe-scaling-policies

       o describe-scheduled-actions

       o help

       o put-scaling-policy

       o put-scheduled-action

       o register-scalable-target



						     APPLICATION-AUTOSCALING()
