GLOBALACCELERATOR()					   GLOBALACCELERATOR()



NAME
       globalaccelerator -

DESCRIPTION
       This  is  the  AWS Global Accelerator API Reference . This guide is for
       developers who need detailed information about AWS  Global  Accelerator
       API  actions, data types, and errors. For more information about Global
       Accelerator features, see the AWS Global Accelerator Developer Guide .

       AWS Global Accelerator is a network layer service in which  you	create
       accelerators  to  improve availability and performance for internet ap-
       plications used by a global audience.

       WARNING:
	  You must specify the US-West-2 (Oregon) Region to create  or	update
	  accelerators.

       Global Accelerator provides you with static IP addresses that you asso-
       ciate with your accelerator. These IP addresses are  anycast  from  the
       AWS  edge  network  and	distribute incoming application traffic across
       multiple endpoint resources in multiple AWS  Regions,  which  increases
       the  availability of your applications. Endpoints can be Elastic IP ad-
       dresses, Network Load Balancers, and Application  Load  Balancers  that
       are located in one AWS Region or multiple Regions.

       Global  Accelerator uses the AWS global network to route traffic to the
       optimal regional endpoint based on health, client location,  and  poli-
       cies  that  you	configure.  The service reacts instantly to changes in
       health or configuration to ensure that internet traffic from clients is
       directed to only healthy endpoints.

       Global  Accelerator  includes components that work together to help you
       improve performance and availability for your applications:
	  Static IP address

       AWS Global Accelerator provides you with a set of static  IP  addresses
       which  are  anycast  from  the AWS edge network and serve as the single
       fixed entry points for your clients. If you already have  Elastic  Load
       Balancing or Elastic IP address resources set up for your applications,
       you can easily add those to Global Accelerator to allow	the  resources
       to be accessed by a Global Accelerator static IP address.
	  Accelerator

       An accelerator directs traffic to optimal endpoints over the AWS global
       network to improve availability and performance for your  internet  ap-
       plications  that  have a global audience. Each accelerator includes one
       or more listeners.
	  Network zone

       A network zone services the static IP addresses	for  your  accelerator
       from a unique IP subnet. Similar to an AWS Availability Zone, a network
       zone is an isolated unit with its own set of  physical  infrastructure.
       When  you  configure  an  accelerator, Global Accelerator allocates two
       IPv4 addresses for it. If one IP address from a	network  zone  becomes
       unavailable  due  to IP address blocking by certain client networks, or
       network disruptions, then client applications can retry on the  healthy
       static IP address from the other isolated network zone.
	  Listener

       A  listener processes inbound connections from clients to Global Accel-
       erator, based on the protocol and port that you	configure.  Each  lis-
       tener  has  one or more endpoint groups associated with it, and traffic
       is forwarded to endpoints in one of the groups. You associate  endpoint
       groups  with  listeners by specifying the Regions that you want to dis-
       tribute traffic to. Traffic is distributed to optimal endpoints	within
       the endpoint groups associated with a listener.
	  Endpoint group

       Each  endpoint group is associated with a specific AWS Region. Endpoint
       groups include one or more endpoints in the Region. You can increase or
       reduce the percentage of traffic that would be otherwise directed to an
       endpoint group by adjusting a setting called a traffic dial . The traf-
       fic  dial  lets you easily do performance testing or blue/green deploy-
       ment testing for new releases across different AWS Regions,  for  exam-
       ple.
	  Endpoint

       An  endpoint is an Elastic IP address, Network Load Balancer, or Appli-
       cation Load Balancer. Traffic is routed to endpoints based  on  several
       factors,  including  the  geo-proximity	to the user, the health of the
       endpoint, and the configuration options that you choose, such  as  end-
       point  weights. For each endpoint, you can configure weights, which are
       numbers that you can use to specify the proportion of traffic to  route
       to each one. This can be useful, for example, to do performance testing
       within a Region.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o create-accelerator

       o create-endpoint-group

       o create-listener

       o delete-accelerator

       o delete-endpoint-group

       o delete-listener

       o describe-accelerator

       o describe-accelerator-attributes

       o describe-endpoint-group

       o describe-listener

       o help

       o list-accelerators

       o list-endpoint-groups

       o list-listeners

       o update-accelerator

       o update-accelerator-attributes

       o update-endpoint-group

       o update-listener



							   GLOBALACCELERATOR()
