SESV2() 							       SESV2()



NAME
       sesv2 -

DESCRIPTION
       Welcome	to the Amazon SES API v2 Reference. This guide provides infor-
       mation about the Amazon SES API	v2,  including	supported  operations,
       data types, parameters, and schemas.
	  Amazon SES is an AWS service that you can use to send email messages
	  to your customers.

       If you're new to Amazon SES API v2, you might find it helpful  to  also
       review the Amazon Simple Email Service Developer Guide . The Amazon SES
       Developer Guide provides information and code samples that  demonstrate
       how to use Amazon SES API v2 features programmatically.

       The  Amazon  SES API v2 is available in several AWS Regions and it pro-
       vides an endpoint for each of these Regions. For a list of all the  Re-
       gions  and endpoints where the API is currently available, see AWS Ser-
       vice Endpoints in the Amazon Web Services General Reference . To  learn
       more about AWS Regions, see Managing AWS Regions in the Amazon Web Ser-
       vices General Reference .

       In each Region, AWS maintains multiple Availability Zones. These Avail-
       ability	Zones  are physically isolated from each other, but are united
       by private, low-latency, high-throughput, and highly redundant  network
       connections.  These  Availability  Zones enable us to provide very high
       levels of availability and redundancy, while also  minimizing  latency.
       To learn more about the number of Availability Zones that are available
       in each Region, see AWS Global Infrastructure .

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o create-configuration-set

       o create-configuration-set-event-destination

       o create-dedicated-ip-pool

       o create-deliverability-test-report

       o create-email-identity

       o delete-configuration-set

       o delete-configuration-set-event-destination

       o delete-dedicated-ip-pool

       o delete-email-identity

       o delete-suppressed-destination

       o get-account

       o get-blacklist-reports

       o get-configuration-set

       o get-configuration-set-event-destinations

       o get-dedicated-ip

       o get-dedicated-ips

       o get-deliverability-dashboard-options

       o get-deliverability-test-report

       o get-domain-deliverability-campaign

       o get-domain-statistics-report

       o get-email-identity

       o get-suppressed-destination

       o help

       o list-configuration-sets

       o list-dedicated-ip-pools

       o list-deliverability-test-reports

       o list-domain-deliverability-campaigns

       o list-email-identities

       o list-suppressed-destinations

       o list-tags-for-resource

       o put-account-dedicated-ip-warmup-attributes

       o put-account-sending-attributes

       o put-account-suppression-attributes

       o put-configuration-set-delivery-options

       o put-configuration-set-reputation-options

       o put-configuration-set-sending-options

       o put-configuration-set-suppression-options

       o put-configuration-set-tracking-options

       o put-dedicated-ip-in-pool

       o put-dedicated-ip-warmup-attributes

       o put-deliverability-dashboard-option

       o put-email-identity-dkim-attributes

       o put-email-identity-dkim-signing-attributes

       o put-email-identity-feedback-attributes

       o put-email-identity-mail-from-attributes

       o put-suppressed-destination

       o send-email

       o tag-resource

       o untag-resource

       o update-configuration-set-event-destination



								       SESV2()
