HEALTH()							      HEALTH()



NAME
       health -

DESCRIPTION
       The  AWS  Health API provides programmatic access to the AWS Health in-
       formation that appears in the AWS Personal Health Dashboard .  You  can
       use  the API operations to get information about AWS Health events that
       affect your AWS services and resources.

       NOTE:

	  o You must have a Business or Enterprise Support plan from AWS  Sup-
	    port  to  use  the	AWS Health API. If you call the AWS Health API
	    from an AWS account that doesn't have  a  Business	or  Enterprise
	    Support plan, you receive a SubscriptionRequiredException error.

	  o You can use the AWS Health endpoint health.us-east-1.amazonaws.com
	    (HTTPS) to call the AWS Health API operations. AWS Health supports
	    a  multi-Region application architecture and has two regional end-
	    points in an active-passive configuration. You can	use  the  high
	    availability endpoint example to determine which AWS Region is ac-
	    tive, so that you can get the latest information from the API. For
	    more  information,	see  Accessing	the  AWS Health API in the AWS
	    Health User Guide .

       For authentication of requests, AWS Health uses the Signature Version 4
       Signing Process .

       If  your  AWS account is part of AWS Organizations, you can use the AWS
       Health organizational view feature. This feature provides a centralized
       view of AWS Health events across all accounts in your organization. You
       can aggregate AWS Health events in real time to	identify  accounts  in
       your  organization that are affected by an operational event or get no-
       tified of security vulnerabilities. Use the organizational view API op-
       erations  to enable this feature and return event information. For more
       information, see Aggregating AWS Health events in the AWS  Health  User
       Guide .

       NOTE:
	  When	you  use  the  AWS  Health API operations to return AWS Health
	  events, see the following recommendations:

	  o Use the eventScopeCode parameter to specify whether to return  AWS
	    Health events that are public or account-specific.

	  o Use  pagination to view all events from the response. For example,
	    if you call the DescribeEventsForOrganization operation to get all
	    events  in	your  organization, you might receive several page re-
	    sults. Specify the nextToken in the next request  to  return  more
	    results.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o describe-affected-accounts-for-organization

       o describe-affected-entities

       o describe-affected-entities-for-organization

       o describe-entity-aggregates

       o describe-event-aggregates

       o describe-event-details

       o describe-event-details-for-organization

       o describe-event-types

       o describe-events

       o describe-events-for-organization

       o describe-health-service-status-for-organization

       o disable-health-service-access-for-organization

       o enable-health-service-access-for-organization

       o help



								      HEALTH()
