ORGANIZATIONS() 					       ORGANIZATIONS()



NAME
       organizations -

DESCRIPTION
       AWS Organizations is a web service that enables you to consolidate your
       multiple AWS accounts into an organization and  centrally  manage  your
       accounts and their resources.

       This guide provides descriptions of the Organizations API. For more in-
       formation about using this service,  see  the  AWS  Organizations  User
       Guide .
	  API Version

       This version of the Organizations API Reference documents the Organiza-
       tions API version 2016-11-28.

       NOTE:
	  As an alternative to using the API directly, you can use one of  the
	  AWS  SDKs,  which  consist  of libraries and sample code for various
	  programming languages and platforms (Java, Ruby, .NET, iOS, Android,
	  and  more). The SDKs provide a convenient way to create programmatic
	  access to AWS Organizations. For example,  the  SDKs	take  care  of
	  cryptographically  signing  requests,  managing errors, and retrying
	  requests automatically. For more information about the AWS SDKs, in-
	  cluding  how	to download and install them, see Tools for Amazon Web
	  Services .

       We recommend that you use the AWS SDKs to make programmatic  API  calls
       to Organizations. However, you also can use the Organizations Query API
       to make direct calls to the Organizations web service.  To  learn  more
       about the Organizations Query API, see Making Query Requests in the AWS
       Organizations User Guide . Organizations supports GET and POST requests
       for  all  actions. That is, the API does not require you to use GET for
       some actions and POST for others. However, GET requests are subject  to
       the  limitation	size  of a URL. Therefore, for operations that require
       larger sizes, use a POST request.
	  Signing Requests

       When you send HTTP requests to AWS, you must sign the requests so  that
       AWS  can identify who sent them. You sign requests with your AWS access
       key, which consists of an access key ID and a  secret  access  key.  We
       strongly  recommend  that you do not create an access key for your root
       account. Anyone who has the access key for your root account has  unre-
       stricted  access  to all the resources in your account. Instead, create
       an access key for an IAM user account that  has	administrative	privi-
       leges.  As  another  option, use AWS Security Token Service to generate
       temporary security credentials, and use those credentials to  sign  re-
       quests.

       To  sign  requests,  we recommend that you use Signature Version 4 . If
       you have an existing application that uses Signature Version 2, you  do
       not  have to update it to use Signature Version 4. However, some opera-
       tions now require Signature Version 4. The documentation for operations
       that require version 4 indicate this requirement.

       When you use the AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI) or one of the AWS
       SDKs to make requests to AWS, these tools automatically	sign  the  re-
       quests  for you with the access key that you specify when you configure
       the tools.

       In this release, each organization can have only one root. In a	future
       release, a single organization will support multiple roots.
	  Support and Feedback for AWS Organizations

       We     welcome	  your	   feedback.	Send	your	comments    to
       feedback-awsorganizations@amazon.com or post your  feedback  and  ques-
       tions  in  the  AWS  Organizations support forum . For more information
       about the AWS support forums, see Forums Help .
	  Endpoint to Call When Using the CLI or the AWS API

       For  the  current  release  of  Organizations,  you  must  specify  the
       us-east-1  region for all AWS API and CLI calls. You can do this in the
       CLI by using these parameters and commands:

       o Use the following parameter with each command	to  specify  both  the
	 endpoint    and   its	 region:    --endpoint-url   https://organiza-
	 tions.us-east-1.amazonaws.com

       o Use the default endpoint, but configure your default region with this
	 command:  aws configure set default.region us-east-1

       o Use  the  following  parameter  with each command to specify the end-
	 point:  --region us-east-1

       For the various SDKs used to call the APIs, see the  documentation  for
       the  SDK  of interest to learn how to direct the requests to a specific
       endpoint. For more information, see Regions and Endpoints  in  the  AWS
       General Reference .
	  How examples are presented

       The  JSON returned by the AWS Organizations service as response to your
       requests is returned as a single long string  without  line  breaks  or
       formatting  whitespace. Both line breaks and whitespace are included in
       the examples in this guide to improve readability. When	example  input
       parameters  also  would result in long strings that would extend beyond
       the screen, we insert line breaks to enhance  readability.  You	should
       always submit the input as a single JSON text string.
	  Recording API Requests

       AWS  Organizations  supports AWS CloudTrail, a service that records AWS
       API calls for your AWS account and delivers log files to an  Amazon  S3
       bucket.	By  using information collected by AWS CloudTrail, you can de-
       termine which requests were successfully  made  to  Organizations,  who
       made the request, when it was made, and so on. For more about AWS Orga-
       nizations and its support for AWS CloudTrail, see Logging AWS Organiza-
       tions  Events with AWS CloudTrail in the AWS Organizations User Guide .
       To learn more about CloudTrail, including how to turn it  on  and  find
       your log files, see the AWS CloudTrail User Guide .

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o accept-handshake

       o attach-policy

       o cancel-handshake

       o create-account

       o create-organization

       o create-organizational-unit

       o create-policy

       o decline-handshake

       o delete-organization

       o delete-organizational-unit

       o delete-policy

       o describe-account

       o describe-create-account-status

       o describe-handshake

       o describe-organization

       o describe-organizational-unit

       o describe-policy

       o detach-policy

       o disable-aws-service-access

       o disable-policy-type

       o enable-all-features

       o enable-aws-service-access

       o enable-policy-type

       o help

       o invite-account-to-organization

       o leave-organization

       o list-accounts

       o list-accounts-for-parent

       o list-aws-service-access-for-organization

       o list-children

       o list-create-account-status

       o list-handshakes-for-account

       o list-handshakes-for-organization

       o list-organizational-units-for-parent

       o list-parents

       o list-policies

       o list-policies-for-target

       o list-roots

       o list-targets-for-policy

       o move-account

       o remove-account-from-organization

       o update-organizational-unit

       o update-policy



							       ORGANIZATIONS()
