STS()									 STS()



NAME
       sts -

DESCRIPTION
       The  AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS) is a web service that enables
       you to request temporary, limited-privilege credentials for  AWS  Iden-
       tity  and  Access  Management (AWS IAM) users or for users that you au-
       thenticate (federated users). This guide provides descriptions  of  the
       AWS STS API. For more detailed information about using this service, go
       to Using Temporary Security Credentials .

       NOTE:
	  As an alternative to using the API, you can use one of the AWS SDKs,
	  which  consist  of libraries and sample code for various programming
	  languages and platforms (Java, Ruby, .NET, iOS, Android, etc.).  The
	  SDKs	provide  a convenient way to create programmatic access to AWS
	  STS. For example, the SDKs take care	of  cryptographically  signing
	  requests,  managing errors, and retrying requests automatically. For
	  information about the AWS SDKs, including how to  download  and  in-
	  stall them, see the Tools for Amazon Web Services page .

       For  information  about setting up signatures and authorization through
       the API, go to Signing AWS API Requests in the AWS General Reference  .
       For  general  information  about  the Query API, go to Making Query Re-
       quests in Using IAM . For information about using security tokens  with
       other  AWS  products, go to Using Temporary Security Credentials to Ac-
       cess AWS in Using Temporary Security Credentials .

       If you're new to AWS and need additional technical information about  a
       specific  AWS  product, you can find the product's technical documenta-
       tion at http://aws.amazon.com/documentation/ .
	  Endpoints

       For information about AWS STS endpoints, see Regions and  Endpoints  in
       the AWS General Reference .

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o assume-role

       o assume-role-with-saml

       o assume-role-with-web-identity

       o decode-authorization-message

       o get-federation-token

       o get-session-token

       o help



									 STS()
