BUDGETS()							     BUDGETS()



NAME
       budgets -

DESCRIPTION
       Budgets	enable you to plan your service usage, service costs, and your
       RI utilization. You can also track how close your plan is to your  bud-
       geted  amount  or  to  the free tier limits. Budgets provide you with a
       quick way to see your usage-to-date and current estimated charges  from
       AWS  and to see how much your predicted usage accrues in charges by the
       end of the month. Budgets also compare current estimates and charges to
       the amount that you indicated you want to use or spend and lets you see
       how much of your budget has been used. AWS updates your	budget	status
       several times a day. Budgets track your unblended costs, subscriptions,
       and refunds. You can create the following types of budgets:

       o Cost budgets allow you to say how much you want to spend  on  a  ser-
	 vice.

       o Usage budgets allow you to say how many hours you want to use for one
	 or more services.

       o RI utilization budgets allow you to define  a	utilization  threshold
	 and receive alerts when RIs are tracking below that threshold.

       You  can create up to 20,000 budgets per AWS master account. Your first
       two budgets are free of charge. Each additional budget costs $0.02  per
       day. You can set up optional notifications that warn you if you exceed,
       or are forecasted to exceed, your budgeted amount. You can have notifi-
       cations	sent  to an Amazon SNS topic, to an email address, or to both.
       For more information, see Creating an Amazon SNS Topic for Budget Noti-
       fications . AWS Free Tier usage alerts via AWS Budgets are provided for
       you, and do not count toward your budget limits.

       Service Endpoint

       The AWS Budgets API provides the following endpoint:

       o https://budgets.us-east-1.amazonaws.com

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o create-budget

       o create-notification

       o create-subscriber

       o delete-budget

       o delete-notification

       o delete-subscriber

       o describe-budget

       o describe-budgets

       o describe-notifications-for-budget

       o describe-subscribers-for-notification

       o help

       o update-budget

       o update-notification

       o update-subscriber



								     BUDGETS()
