RDS()									 RDS()



NAME
       rds -

DESCRIPTION
       Amazon  Relational  Database Service (Amazon RDS) is a web service that
       makes it easier to set up, operate, and scale a relational database  in
       the cloud. It provides cost-efficient, resizable capacity for an indus-
       try-standard relational database and manages common  database  adminis-
       tration	tasks,	freeing up developers to focus on what makes their ap-
       plications and businesses unique.

       Amazon RDS gives you access to the capabilities of a familiar MySQL  or
       Oracle  database  server.  This means the code, applications, and tools
       you already use today with your existing MySQL or Oracle databases work
       with Amazon RDS without modification. Amazon RDS automatically backs up
       your database and maintains the database software that powers  your  DB
       instance.  Amazon  RDS  is  flexible:  you  can scale your database in-
       stance's compute resources and storage capacity to meet	your  applica-
       tion's  demand.	As with all Amazon Web Services, there are no up-front
       investments, and you pay only for the resources you use.

       This is an interface reference for Amazon RDS. It  contains  documenta-
       tion  for a programming or command line interface you can use to manage
       Amazon RDS. Note that Amazon RDS is asynchronous, which means that some
       interfaces may require techniques such as polling or callback functions
       to determine when a command has been applied. In  this  reference,  the
       parameter  descriptions	indicate  whether a command is applied immedi-
       ately, on the next instance reboot, or during the  maintenance  window.
       For  a summary of the Amazon RDS interfaces, go to Available RDS Inter-
       faces .

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o add-option-to-option-group

       o add-source-identifier-to-subscription

       o add-tags-to-resource

       o authorize-db-security-group-ingress

       o copy-db-snapshot

       o create-db-instance

       o create-db-instance-read-replica

       o create-db-parameter-group

       o create-db-security-group

       o create-db-snapshot

       o create-db-subnet-group

       o create-event-subscription

       o create-option-group

       o delete-db-instance

       o delete-db-parameter-group

       o delete-db-security-group

       o delete-db-snapshot

       o delete-db-subnet-group

       o delete-event-subscription

       o delete-option-group

       o describe-db-engine-versions

       o describe-db-instances

       o describe-db-log-files

       o describe-db-parameter-groups

       o describe-db-parameters

       o describe-db-security-groups

       o describe-db-snapshots

       o describe-db-subnet-groups

       o describe-engine-default-parameters

       o describe-event-categories

       o describe-event-subscriptions

       o describe-events

       o describe-option-group-options

       o describe-option-groups

       o describe-orderable-db-instance-options

       o describe-reserved-db-instances

       o describe-reserved-db-instances-offerings

       o download-db-log-file-portion

       o help

       o list-tags-for-resource

       o modify-db-instance

       o modify-db-parameter-group

       o modify-db-subnet-group

       o modify-event-subscription

       o promote-read-replica

       o purchase-reserved-db-instances-offering

       o reboot-db-instance

       o remove-option-from-option-group

       o remove-source-identifier-from-subscription

       o remove-tags-from-resource

       o reset-db-parameter-group

       o restore-db-instance-from-db-snapshot

       o restore-db-instance-to-point-in-time

       o revoke-db-security-group-ingress



									 RDS()
