ELBV2() 							       ELBV2()



NAME
       elbv2 -

DESCRIPTION
       A  load	balancer  distributes incoming traffic across targets, such as
       your EC2 instances. This enables you to increase  the  availability  of
       your  application.  The	load  balancer also monitors the health of its
       registered targets and ensures that it routes traffic only  to  healthy
       targets. You configure your load balancer to accept incoming traffic by
       specifying one or more listeners, which are configured with a  protocol
       and  port number for connections from clients to the load balancer. You
       configure a target group with a protocol and port  number  for  connec-
       tions from the load balancer to the targets, and with health check set-
       tings to be used when checking the health status of the targets.

       Elastic Load Balancing supports the following types of load  balancers:
       Application  Load  Balancers,  Network Load Balancers, and Classic Load
       Balancers.

       An Application Load Balancer makes routing and load balancing decisions
       at  the	application  layer (HTTP/HTTPS). A Network Load Balancer makes
       routing and load balancing decisions at the transport layer (TCP). Both
       Application  Load  Balancers  and  Network Load Balancers can route re-
       quests to one or more ports on each EC2 instance or container  instance
       in your virtual private cloud (VPC).

       A  Classic Load Balancer makes routing and load balancing decisions ei-
       ther  at  the  transport  layer	(TCP/SSL)  or  the  application  layer
       (HTTP/HTTPS), and supports either EC2-Classic or a VPC. For more infor-
       mation, see the Elastic Load Balancing User Guide .

       This reference covers the 2015-12-01 API,  which  supports  Application
       Load  Balancers and Network Load Balancers. The 2012-06-01 API supports
       Classic Load Balancers.

       To get started, complete the following tasks:

       o Create a load balancer using  create-load-balancer .

       o Create a target group using  create-target-group .

       o Register targets for the target group using  register-targets .

       o Create one or more listeners  for  your  load	balancer  using   cre-
	 ate-listener .

       To  delete a load balancer and its related resources, complete the fol-
       lowing tasks:

       o Delete the load balancer using  delete-load-balancer .

       o Delete the target group using	delete-target-group .

       All Elastic Load Balancing operations are idempotent, which means  that
       they  complete  at  most  one time. If you repeat an operation, it suc-
       ceeds.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o add-listener-certificates

       o add-tags

       o create-listener

       o create-load-balancer

       o create-rule

       o create-target-group

       o delete-listener

       o delete-load-balancer

       o delete-rule

       o delete-target-group

       o deregister-targets

       o describe-account-limits

       o describe-listener-certificates

       o describe-listeners

       o describe-load-balancer-attributes

       o describe-load-balancers

       o describe-rules

       o describe-ssl-policies

       o describe-tags

       o describe-target-group-attributes

       o describe-target-groups

       o describe-target-health

       o help

       o modify-listener

       o modify-load-balancer-attributes

       o modify-rule

       o modify-target-group

       o modify-target-group-attributes

       o register-targets

       o remove-listener-certificates

       o remove-tags

       o set-ip-address-type

       o set-rule-priorities

       o set-security-groups

       o set-subnets



								       ELBV2()
