DISCOVERY()							   DISCOVERY()



NAME
       discovery -

DESCRIPTION
       AWS  Application Discovery Service helps you plan application migration
       projects by automatically identifying servers, virtual machines	(VMs),
       software,  and  software  dependencies running in your on-premises data
       centers. Application Discovery Service also collects  application  per-
       formance data, which can help you assess the outcome of your migration.
       The data collected by Application Discovery  Service  is  securely  re-
       tained  in  an Amazon-hosted and managed database in the cloud. You can
       export the data as a CSV or XML file into your preferred  visualization
       tool  or  cloud-migration solution to plan your migration. For more in-
       formation, see the Application Discovery Service FAQ .

       Application Discovery Service offers two modes of operation.

       o Agentless discovery mode is recommended  for  environments  that  use
	 VMware  vCenter  Server.  This mode doesn't require you to install an
	 agent on each host. Agentless discovery  gathers  server  information
	 regardless  of  the  operating  systems, which minimizes the time re-
	 quired for initial on-premises infrastructure	assessment.  Agentless
	 discovery doesn't collect information about software and software de-
	 pendencies. It also doesn't work in non-VMware environments. We  rec-
	 ommend that you use agent-based discovery for non-VMware environments
	 and if you want to collect information about  software  and  software
	 dependencies.	You  can  also run agent-based and agentless discovery
	 simultaneously. Use agentless discovery to quickly complete the  ini-
	 tial  infrastructure  assessment  and	then  install agents on select
	 hosts to gather information about software and software dependencies.

       o Agent-based discovery mode collects a richer set of data than	agent-
	 less  discovery by using Amazon software, the AWS Application Discov-
	 ery Agent, which you install on one or more hosts in your  data  cen-
	 ter.  The  agent captures infrastructure and application information,
	 including an inventory of installed software applications, system and
	 process  performance,	resource utilization, and network dependencies
	 between workloads. The information collected by agents is secured  at
	 rest  and in transit to the Application Discovery Service database in
	 the cloud.

       Application Discovery Service integrates with application discovery so-
       lutions	from  AWS Partner Network (APN) partners. Third-party applica-
       tion discovery tools can query Application Discovery Service and  write
       to  the	Application Discovery Service database using a public API. You
       can then import the data into either a visualization tool or  cloud-mi-
       gration solution.

       WARNING:
	  Application  Discovery Service doesn't gather sensitive information.
	  All data is handled according to the AWS Privacy Policy  .  You  can
	  operate  Application Discovery Service using offline mode to inspect
	  collected data before it is shared with the service.

       Your AWS account must be granted access to Application  Discovery  Ser-
       vice, a process called whitelisting . This is true for AWS partners and
       customers alike. To request access, sign up for AWS Application Discov-
       ery Service here . We send you information about how to get started.

       This  API  reference  provides descriptions, syntax, and usage examples
       for each of the actions and data types for Application  Discovery  Ser-
       vice.  The  topic  for each action shows the API request parameters and
       the response. Alternatively, you can use one of the AWS SDKs to	access
       an  API	that  is tailored to the programming language or platform that
       you're using. For more information, see AWS SDKs .

       This guide is intended for use with the	`  AWS	Application  Discovery
       Service				  User				 Guide
       http://docs.aws.amazon.com/application-discovery/latest/userguide/
       `
       __ .

       System Message: WARNING/2 (<string>:, line 56)
	      Inline interpreted text or phrase reference start-string without
	      end-string.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o associate-configuration-items-to-application

       o create-application

       o create-tags

       o delete-applications

       o delete-tags

       o describe-agents

       o describe-configurations

       o describe-export-configurations

       o describe-export-tasks

       o describe-tags

       o disassociate-configuration-items-from-application

       o export-configurations

       o get-discovery-summary

       o help

       o list-configurations

       o list-server-neighbors

       o start-data-collection-by-agent-ids

       o start-export-task

       o stop-data-collection-by-agent-ids

       o update-application



								   DISCOVERY()
