DEPLOY()							      DEPLOY()



NAME
       deploy -

DESCRIPTION
	  Overview

       This  is the AWS CodeDeploy API Reference. This guide provides descrip-
       tions of the AWS CodeDeploy APIs. For additional information,  see  the
       AWS CodeDeploy User Guide .
	  Using the APIs

       You can use the AWS CodeDeploy APIs to work with the following items:

       o Applications  , which are unique identifiers that AWS CodeDeploy uses
	 to ensure that the correct combinations of revisions, deployment con-
	 figurations,  and  deployment	groups are being referenced during de-
	 ployments. You can work with applications by calling  create-applica-
	 tion  ,  delete-application ,	get-application ,  list-applications ,
	 batch-get-applications , and  update-application to  create,  delete,
	 and  get  information	about  applications, and to change information
	 about an application, respectively.

       o Deployment configurations , which are sets of	deployment  rules  and
	 deployment  success  and  failure conditions that AWS CodeDeploy uses
	 during deployments. You can work with	deployment  configurations  by
	 calling    create-deployment-config   ,   delete-deployment-config  ,
	 get-deployment-config	,  and	 list-deployment-configs  to   create,
	 delete,  and get information about deployment configurations, respec-
	 tively.

       o Deployment groups , which represent groups of Amazon EC2 instances to
	 which	application  revisions	can be deployed. You can work with de-
	 ployment groups by calling  create-deployment-group ,	delete-deploy-
	 ment-group  ,	 get-deployment-group  ,  list-deployment-groups , and
	 update-deployment-group to create, delete, and get information  about
	 single  and  multiple	deployment  groups,  and to change information
	 about a deployment group, respectively.

       o Deployment instances (also known simply as instances ), which	repre-
	 sent  Amazon  EC2  instances  to  which application revisions are de-
	 ployed. Deployment instances are identified by their Amazon EC2  tags
	 or  Auto  Scaling group names. Deployment instances belong to deploy-
	 ment groups. You  can	work  with  deployment	instances  by  calling
	 get-deployment-instance  and  list-deployment-instances to get infor-
	 mation about single and multiple deployment instances, respectively.

       o Deployments , which represent the process of deploying  revisions  to
	 deployment  groups.  You  can	work with deployments by calling  cre-
	 ate-deployment ,  get-deployment ,  list-deployments ,  batch-get-de-
	 ployments  , and  stop-deployment to create and get information about
	 deployments, and to stop a deployment, respectively.

       o Application revisions (also known simply as revisions	),  which  are
	 archive  files that are stored in Amazon S3 buckets or GitHub reposi-
	 tories. These revisions contain source content (such as source  code,
	 web  pages,  executable  files,  any deployment scripts, and similar)
	 along with an Application Specification  file	(AppSpec  file).  (The
	 AppSpec  file is unique to AWS CodeDeploy; it defines a series of de-
	 ployment actions that you want AWS CodeDeploy to execute.) An	appli-
	 cation  revision  is  uniquely identified by its Amazon S3 object key
	 and its ETag, version, or both. Application revisions are deployed to
	 deployment groups. You can work with application revisions by calling
	 get-application-revision ,  list-application-revisions , and	regis-
	 ter-application-revision  to  get information about application revi-
	 sions and to inform AWS CodeDeploy about an application revision, re-
	 spectively.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o batch-get-applications

       o batch-get-deployments

       o create-application

       o create-deployment

       o create-deployment-config

       o create-deployment-group

       o delete-application

       o delete-deployment-config

       o delete-deployment-group

       o get-application

       o get-application-revision

       o get-deployment

       o get-deployment-config

       o get-deployment-group

       o get-deployment-instance

       o help

       o list-application-revisions

       o list-applications

       o list-deployment-configs

       o list-deployment-groups

       o list-deployment-instances

       o list-deployments

       o push

       o register-application-revision

       o stop-deployment

       o update-application

       o update-deployment-group



								      DEPLOY()
