GLACIER()							     GLACIER()



NAME
       glacier -

DESCRIPTION
       Amazon Glacier is a storage solution for "cold data."

       Amazon  Glacier	is an extremely low-cost storage service that provides
       secure, durable, and easy-to-use storage for data backup and  archival.
       With  Amazon  Glacier,  customers can store their data cost effectively
       for months, years, or decades. Amazon Glacier also enables customers to
       offload	the administrative burdens of operating and scaling storage to
       AWS, so they don't have to worry about capacity planning, hardware pro-
       visioning,   data   replication,  hardware  failure  and  recovery,  or
       time-consuming hardware migrations.

       Amazon Glacier is a great storage choice when low storage cost is para-
       mount,  your data is rarely retrieved, and retrieval latency of several
       hours is acceptable. If your application requires fast or frequent  ac-
       cess  to  your data, consider using Amazon S3. For more information, go
       to Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) .

       You can store any kind of data in any format. There is no maximum limit
       on the total amount of data you can store in Amazon Glacier.

       If  you	are a first-time user of Amazon Glacier, we recommend that you
       begin by reading the following sections in the Amazon Glacier Developer
       Guide :

       o What  is  Amazon  Glacier  -  This section of the Developer Guide de-
	 scribes the underlying data model, the operations  it	supports,  and
	 the AWS SDKs that you can use to interact with the service.

       o Getting  Started  with  Amazon  Glacier - The Getting Started section
	 walks you through the process of  creating  a	vault,	uploading  ar-
	 chives,  creating  jobs to download archives, retrieving the job out-
	 put, and deleting archives.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o abort-multipart-upload

       o abort-vault-lock

       o add-tags-to-vault

       o complete-multipart-upload

       o complete-vault-lock

       o create-vault

       o delete-archive

       o delete-vault

       o delete-vault-access-policy

       o delete-vault-notifications

       o describe-job

       o describe-vault

       o get-data-retrieval-policy

       o get-job-output

       o get-vault-access-policy

       o get-vault-lock

       o get-vault-notifications

       o help

       o initiate-job

       o initiate-multipart-upload

       o initiate-vault-lock

       o list-jobs

       o list-multipart-uploads

       o list-parts

       o list-tags-for-vault

       o list-vaults

       o remove-tags-from-vault

       o set-data-retrieval-policy

       o set-vault-access-policy

       o set-vault-notifications

       o upload-archive

       o upload-multipart-part



								     GLACIER()
