COGNITO-IDENTITY()					    COGNITO-IDENTITY()



NAME
       cognito-identity -

DESCRIPTION
       Amazon  Cognito is a web service that delivers scoped temporary creden-
       tials to mobile devices and other untrusted environments.  Amazon  Cog-
       nito  uniquely identifies a device and supplies the user with a consis-
       tent identity over the lifetime of an application.

       Using Amazon Cognito, you can enable authentication with  one  or  more
       third-party  identity  providers  (Facebook, Google, or Login with Ama-
       zon), and you can also choose to support  unauthenticated  access  from
       your  app.  Cognito delivers a unique identifier for each user and acts
       as an OpenID token provider trusted by AWS Security Token Service (STS)
       to access temporary, limited-privilege AWS credentials.

       To provide end-user credentials, first make an unsigned call to	get-id
       . If the end user is authenticated with one of the  supported  identity
       providers,  set the Logins map with the identity provider token. get-id
       returns a unique identifier for the user.

       Next, make an unsigned call  to	 get-credentials-for-identity  .  This
       call  expects  the  same  Logins map as the get-id call, as well as the
       IdentityID originally returned by get-id . Assuming your identity  pool
       has   been   configured	via  the   set-identity-pool-roles  operation,
       get-credentials-for-identity will return AWS credentials for your  use.
       If  your pool has not been configured with set-identity-pool-roles , or
       if  you	want  to  follow  legacy  flow,  make  an  unsigned  call   to
       get-open-id-token  ,  which  returns the OpenID token necessary to call
       STS and retrieve AWS credentials. This call expects the same Logins map
       as  the	get-id	call, as well as the IdentityID originally returned by
       get-id . The token returned by get-open-id-token can be passed  to  the
       STS operation AssumeRoleWithWebIdentity to retrieve AWS credentials.

       If you want to use Amazon Cognito in an Android, iOS, or Unity applica-
       tion, you will probably want to make API calls via the AWS Mobile  SDK.
       To learn more, see the AWS Mobile SDK Developer Guide .

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o create-identity-pool

       o delete-identities

       o delete-identity-pool

       o describe-identity

       o describe-identity-pool

       o get-credentials-for-identity

       o get-id

       o get-identity-pool-roles

       o get-open-id-token

       o get-open-id-token-for-developer-identity

       o help

       o list-identities

       o list-identity-pools

       o lookup-developer-identity

       o merge-developer-identities

       o set-identity-pool-roles

       o unlink-developer-identity

       o unlink-identity

       o update-identity-pool



							    COGNITO-IDENTITY()
