SUPPORT()							     SUPPORT()



NAME
       support -

DESCRIPTION
       The  AWS Support API reference is intended for programmers who need de-
       tailed information about the AWS Support actions and data  types.  This
       service	enables you to manage with your AWS Support cases programmati-
       cally. It is built on the AWS Query API programming model and  provides
       HTTP methods that take parameters and return results in JSON format.

       The AWS Support service also exposes a set of Trusted Advisor features.
       You can retrieve a list of checks you can run on your resources,  spec-
       ify  checks to run and refresh, and check the status of checks you have
       submitted.

       The following list describes the AWS Support case management actions:

       o Service names, issue categories, and available severity  levels.  The
	 actions  describe-services and describe-severity-levels enable you to
	 obtain AWS service names,  service  codes,  service  categories,  and
	 problem  severity  levels.  You  use  these  values when you call the
	 create-case action.

       o Case Creation, case  details,	and  case  resolution  .  The  actions
	 create-case  , describe-cases , and resolve-case enable you to create
	 AWS Support cases, retrieve them, and resolve them.

       o Case  communication  .  The  actions  DescribeCaseCommunications  and
	 add-communication-to-case  enable  you to retrieve and add communica-
	 tion to AWS Support cases.

       The following list describes the actions available from the AWS Support
       service for Trusted Advisor:

       o DescribeTrustedAdviserChecks

       System Message: WARNING/2 (<string>:, line 43)
	      Bullet list ends without a blank line; unexpected unindent.

	      returns the list of checks that you can run against your AWS re-
	      sources.	* Using the CheckId for a specific check  returned  by
	      DescribeTrustedAdviserChecks,	    you        can	  call
	      describe-trusted-advisor-check-result and obtain	a  new	result
	      for      the	check	   you	   specified.	   *	 Using
	      describe-trusted-advisor-check-summaries , you can get summaries
	      for a set of Trusted Advisor checks.

       o refresh-trusted-advisor-check enables you to request that Trusted Ad-
	 visor run the check again.

       o

	 ``
	 _ gets statuses on the checks you are running.

       System Message: WARNING/2 (<string>:, line 50)
	 Inline literal start-string without end-string.

       For authentication of requests, the AWS Support uses Signature  Version
       4 Signing Process .

       See  the  AWS  Support Developer Guide for information about how to use
       this service to manage create and manage your support cases, and how to
       call Trusted Advisor for results of checks on your resources.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o add-communication-to-case

       o create-case

       o describe-cases

       o describe-communications

       o describe-services

       o describe-severity-levels

       o describe-trusted-advisor-check-refresh-statuses

       o describe-trusted-advisor-check-result

       o describe-trusted-advisor-check-summaries

       o describe-trusted-advisor-checks

       o help

       o refresh-trusted-advisor-check

       o resolve-case

       System Message: WARNING/2 (<string>:, line 110)
	      malformed hyperlink target.



								     SUPPORT()
