CODESTAR()							    CODESTAR()



NAME
       codestar -

DESCRIPTION
       This is the API reference for AWS CodeStar. This reference provides de-
       scriptions of the operations and data types for the  AWS  CodeStar  API
       along with usage examples.

       You can use the AWS CodeStar API to work with:

       Projects and their resources, by calling the following:

       o delete-project , which deletes a project.

       o describe-project , which lists the attributes of a project.

       o list-projects , which lists all projects associated with your AWS ac-
	 count.

       o list-resources , which lists the resources associated with a project.

       o list-tags-for-project ,  which  lists	the  tags  associated  with  a
	 project.

       o tag-project , which adds tags to a project.

       o untag-project , which removes tags from a project.

       o update-project , which updates the attributes of a project.

       Teams and team members, by calling the following:

       o associate-team-member	,  which  adds	an  IAM user to the team for a
	 project.

       o disassociate-team-member , which removes an IAM user  from  the  team
	 for a project.

       o list-team-members  ,  which lists all the IAM users in the team for a
	 project, including their roles and attributes.

       o update-team-member , which updates a team member's  attributes  in  a
	 project.

       Users, by calling the following:

       o create-user-profile , which creates a user profile that contains data
	 associated with the user across all projects.

       o delete-user-profile , which  deletes  all  user  profile  information
	 across all projects.

       o describe-user-profile , which describes the profile of a user.

       o list-user-profiles , which lists all user profiles.

       o update-user-profile , which updates the profile for a user.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o associate-team-member

       o create-project

       o create-user-profile

       o delete-project

       o delete-user-profile

       o describe-project

       o describe-user-profile

       o disassociate-team-member

       o help

       o list-projects

       o list-resources

       o list-tags-for-project

       o list-team-members

       o list-user-profiles

       o tag-project

       o untag-project

       o update-project

       o update-team-member

       o update-user-profile



								    CODESTAR()
