SECRETSMANAGER()					      SECRETSMANAGER()



NAME
       secretsmanager -

DESCRIPTION
       AWS Secrets Manager is a web service that enables you to store, manage,
       and retrieve, secrets.

       This guide provides descriptions of the AWS Secrets  Manager  API.  For
       more  information about using this service, see the AWS Secrets Manager
       User Guide .
	  API Version

       This version of the AWS Secrets Manager API Reference documents the AWS
       Secrets Manager API version 2017-10-17.

       NOTE:
	  As  an alternative to using the API directly, you can use one of the
	  AWS SDKs, which consist of libraries and  sample  code  for  various
	  programming  languages and platforms (such as Java, Ruby, .NET, iOS,
	  and Android). The SDKs provide a convenient way to  create  program-
	  matic access to AWS Secrets Manager. For example, the SDKs take care
	  of cryptographically signing requests, managing errors, and retrying
	  requests automatically. For more information about the AWS SDKs, in-
	  cluding how to download and install them, see Tools for  Amazon  Web
	  Services .

       We  recommend  that you use the AWS SDKs to make programmatic API calls
       to AWS Secrets Manager. However, you also can use the AWS Secrets  Man-
       ager HTTP Query API to make direct calls to the AWS Secrets Manager web
       service. To learn more about the AWS Secrets Manager  HTTP  Query  API,
       see Making Query Requests in the AWS Secrets Manager User Guide .

       AWS  Secrets  Manager  supports	GET and POST requests for all actions.
       That is, the API doesn't require you to use GET for  some  actions  and
       POST  for  others.  However, GET requests are subject to the limitation
       size of a URL. Therefore, for operations that require larger sizes, use
       a POST request.
	  Signing Requests

       When  you send HTTP requests to AWS, you must sign the requests so that
       AWS can identify who sent them. You sign requests with your AWS	access
       key,  which  consists  of  an access key ID and a secret access key. We
       strongly recommend that you don't create an access key  for  your  root
       account.  Anyone who has the access key for your root account has unre-
       stricted access to all the resources in your account.  Instead,	create
       an access key for an IAM user account that has the permissions required
       for the task at hand. As another option, use AWS Security Token Service
       to  generate  temporary security credentials, and use those credentials
       to sign requests.

       To sign requests, you must use Signature Version 4 . If you have an ex-
       isting application that uses Signature Version 2, you must update it to
       use Signature Version 4.

       When you use the AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI) or one of the AWS
       SDKs  to  make  requests to AWS, these tools automatically sign the re-
       quests for you with the access key that you specify when you  configure
       the tools.
	  Support and Feedback for AWS Secrets Manager

       We     welcome	  your	   feedback.	Send	your	comments    to
       awssecretsmanager-feedback@amazon.com , or post your feedback and ques-
       tions  in  the AWS Secrets Manager Discussion Forum . For more informa-
       tion about the AWS Discussion Forums, see Forums Help .
	  How examples are presented

       The JSON that AWS Secrets Manager returns as a  response  to  your  re-
       quests  is a single long string without line breaks or white space for-
       matting. Both line breaks and white space are included in the  examples
       in  this  guide	to  improve readability. When example input parameters
       would also result in long strings that extend beyond the screen, we in-
       sert  line  breaks to enhance readability. You should always submit the
       input as a single JSON text string.
	  Logging API Requests

       AWS Secrets Manager supports AWS CloudTrail, a service that records AWS
       API  calls  for your AWS account and delivers log files to an Amazon S3
       bucket. By using information that's collected by  AWS  CloudTrail,  you
       can determine which requests were successfully made to AWS Secrets Man-
       ager, who made the request, when it was made, and so on. For more about
       AWS Secrets Manager and its support for AWS CloudTrail, see Logging AWS
       Secrets Manager Events with AWS CloudTrail in the AWS  Secrets  Manager
       User  Guide  . To learn more about CloudTrail, including how to turn it
       on and find your log files, see the AWS CloudTrail User Guide .

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o cancel-rotate-secret

       o create-secret

       o delete-secret

       o describe-secret

       o get-random-password

       o get-secret-value

       o help

       o list-secret-version-ids

       o list-secrets

       o put-secret-value

       o restore-secret

       o rotate-secret

       o tag-resource

       o untag-resource

       o update-secret

       o update-secret-version-stage



							      SECRETSMANAGER()
