GAMELIFT()							    GAMELIFT()



NAME
       gamelift -

DESCRIPTION
       Amazon  GameLift  is  a managed service for developers who need a scal-
       able, dedicated server solution for  their  multiplayer	games.	Amazon
       GameLift  provides tools for the following tasks: (1) acquire computing
       resources and deploy game servers, (2) scale game  server  capacity  to
       meet  player  demand,  (3) host game sessions and manage player access,
       and (4) track in-depth metrics on player usage and server performance.

       The Amazon GameLift service API includes two important function sets:

       o Manage game sessions and player access  --  Retrieve  information  on
	 available  game  sessions;  create new game sessions; send player re-
	 quests to join a game session.

       o Configure and manage game server resources -- Manage builds,  fleets,
	 queues, and aliases; set autoscaling policies; retrieve logs and met-
	 rics.

       This reference guide describes the low-level  service  API  for	Amazon
       GameLift. You can use the API functionality with these tools:

       o The Amazon Web Services software development kit (AWS SDK ) is avail-
	 able in multiple languages including C++ and C#. Use the SDK  to  ac-
	 cess  the  API  programmatically  from an application, such as a game
	 client.

       o The AWS command-line interface (CLI) tool  is	primarily  useful  for
	 handling administrative actions, such as setting up and managing Ama-
	 zon GameLift settings and resources. You can use the AWS CLI to  man-
	 age all of your AWS services.

       o The  AWS Management Console for Amazon GameLift provides a web inter-
	 face to manage your Amazon GameLift settings and resources. The  con-
	 sole  includes  a  dashboard  for  tracking  key resources, including
	 builds and fleets, and displays usage	and  performance  metrics  for
	 your games as customizable graphs.

       o Amazon  GameLift  Local is a tool for testing your game's integration
	 with Amazon GameLift before deploying it on the service.  This  tools
	 supports a subset of key API actions, which can be called from either
	 the AWS CLI or programmatically. See Testing an Integration .
	  MORE RESOURCES

       o Amazon GameLift Developer Guide -- Learn more about  Amazon  GameLift
	 features and how to use them.

       o Lumberyard  and  Amazon  GameLift  Tutorials -- Get started fast with
	 walkthroughs and sample projects.

       o GameDev Blog -- Stay up to date with new features and techniques.

       o GameDev Forums -- Connect with the GameDev community.

       o Amazon GameLift  Document  History  --  See  changes  to  the	Amazon
	 GameLift  service,  SDKs,  and documentation, as well as links to re-
	 lease notes.
	  API SUMMARY

       This list offers a functional overview of the Amazon  GameLift  service
       API.
	  Managing Games and Players

       Use  these  actions to start new game sessions, find existing game ses-
       sions, track game session status  and  other  information,  and	enable
       player access to game sessions.

       o Discover existing game sessions

	 o search-game-sessions  --  Retrieve  all  available game sessions or
	   search for game sessions that match a set of criteria.

       o Start new game sessions

	 o Start new games with Queues to find the best available hosting  re-
	   sources  across multiple regions, minimize player latency, and bal-
	   ance game session activity for efficiency and cost effectiveness.

	   o start-game-session-placement -- Request a new game session place-
	     ment and add one or more players to it.

	   o describe-game-session-placement -- Get details on a placement re-
	     quest, including status.

	   o stop-game-session-placement -- Cancel a placement request.

	 o create-game-session -- Start a  new	game  session  on  a  specific
	   fleet. Available in Amazon GameLift Local.

       o Start new game sessions with FlexMatch matchmaking

	 o start-matchmaking -- Request matchmaking for one players or a group
	   who want to play together.

	 o describe-matchmaking -- Get details on a matchmaking  request,  in-
	   cluding status.

	 o accept-match  --  Register  that a player accepts a proposed match,
	   for matches that require player acceptance.

	 o stop-matchmaking -- Cancel a matchmaking request.

       o Manage game session data

	 o describe-game-sessions -- Retrieve metadata for one	or  more  game
	   sessions, including length of time active and current player count.
	   Available in Amazon GameLift Local.

	 o describe-game-session-details -- Retrieve  metadata	and  the  game
	   session protection setting for one or more game sessions.

	 o update-game-session	-- Change game session settings, such as maxi-
	   mum player count and join policy.

	 o get-game-session-log-url -- Get the location of saved  logs	for  a
	   game session.

       o Manage player sessions

	 o create-player-session -- Send a request for a player to join a game
	   session. Available in Amazon GameLift Local.

	 o create-player-sessions -- Send a request for  multiple  players  to
	   join a game session. Available in Amazon GameLift Local.

	 o describe-player-sessions -- Get details on player activity, includ-
	   ing status, playing time, and  player  data.  Available  in	Amazon
	   GameLift Local.
	  Setting Up and Managing Game Servers

       When  setting  up  Amazon  GameLift  resources for your game, you first
       create a game build and upload it to Amazon GameLift. You can then  use
       these  actions to configure and manage a fleet of resources to run your
       game servers, scale capacity to meet player demand, access  performance
       and utilization metrics, and more.

       o Manage game builds

	 o create-build  -- Create a new build using files stored in an Amazon
	   S3 bucket. (Update uploading permissions with   request-upload-cre-
	   dentials  .)  To create a build and upload files from a local path,
	   use the AWS CLI command upload-build .

	 o list-builds -- Get a list  of  all  builds  uploaded  to  a	Amazon
	   GameLift region.

	 o describe-build -- Retrieve information associated with a build.

	 o update-build  --  Change  build  metadata, including build name and
	   version.

	 o delete-build -- Remove a build from Amazon GameLift.

       o Manage fleets

	 o create-fleet -- Configure and activate a new fleet to run a build's
	   game servers.

	 o list-fleets -- Get a list of all fleet IDs in a Amazon GameLift re-
	   gion (all statuses).

	 o delete-fleet -- Terminate a fleet that is no  longer  running  game
	   servers or hosting players.

	 o View / update fleet configurations.

	   o describe-fleet-attributes	/   update-fleet-attributes -- View or
	     change a fleet's metadata and settings for game  session  protec-
	     tion and resource creation limits.

	   o describe-fleet-port-settings   /	update-fleet-port-settings  --
	     View or change the inbound permissions (IP address and port  set-
	     ting ranges) allowed for a fleet.

	   o describe-runtime-configuration /  update-runtime-configuration --
	     View or change what server processes (and how  many)  to  run  on
	     each instance in a fleet.

       o Control fleet capacity

	 o describe-ec2-instance-limits  --  Retrieve  maximum	number	of in-
	   stances allowed for the current AWS account and the	current  usage
	   level.

	 o describe-fleet-capacity  /	update-fleet-capacity  -- Retrieve the
	   capacity settings and the current number of instances in  a	fleet;
	   adjust fleet capacity settings to scale up or down.

	 o Autoscale -- Manage autoscaling rules and apply them to a fleet.

	   o put-scaling-policy  -- Create a new autoscaling policy, or update
	     an existing one.

	   o describe-scaling-policies --  Retrieve  an  existing  autoscaling
	     policy.

	   o delete-scaling-policy -- Delete an autoscaling policy and stop it
	     from affecting a fleet's capacity.

       o Manage VPC peering connections for fleets

	 o create-vpc-peering-authorization -- Authorize a peering  connection
	   to one of your VPCs.

	 o describe-vpc-peering-authorizations	-- Retrieve valid peering con-
	   nection authorizations.

	 o delete-vpc-peering-authorization -- Delete a peering connection au-
	   thorization.

	 o create-vpc-peering-connection -- Establish a peering connection be-
	   tween the VPC for a Amazon GameLift fleet and one of your VPCs.

	 o describe-vpc-peering-connections -- Retrieve information on	active
	   or pending VPC peering connections with a Amazon GameLift fleet.

	 o delete-vpc-peering-connection  --  Delete  a VPC peering connection
	   with a Amazon GameLift fleet.

       o Access fleet activity statistics

	 o describe-fleet-utilization -- Get current data  on  the  number  of
	   server  processes, game sessions, and players currently active on a
	   fleet.

	 o describe-fleet-events -- Get a fleet's logged events for  a	speci-
	   fied time span.

	 o describe-game-sessions  -- Retrieve metadata associated with one or
	   more game sessions, including length of  time  active  and  current
	   player count.

       o Remotely access an instance

	 o describe-instances  -- Get information on each instance in a fleet,
	   including instance ID, IP address, and status.

	 o get-instance-access -- Request access  credentials  needed  to  re-
	   motely connect to a specified instance in a fleet.

       o Manage fleet aliases

	 o create-alias  --  Define  a new alias and optionally assign it to a
	   fleet.

	 o list-aliases -- Get all fleet aliases defined in a Amazon  GameLift
	   region.

	 o describe-alias -- Retrieve information on an existing alias.

	 o update-alias -- Change settings for a alias, such as redirecting it
	   from one fleet to another.

	 o delete-alias -- Remove an alias from the region.

	 o resolve-alias -- Get the fleet ID that a specified alias points to.

       o Manage game session queues

	 o create-game-session-queue -- Create a queue for processing requests
	   for new game sessions.

	 o describe-game-session-queues  --  Retrieve  game session queues de-
	   fined in a Amazon GameLift region.

	 o update-game-session-queue -- Change the  configuration  of  a  game
	   session queue.

	 o delete-game-session-queue  --  Remove a game session queue from the
	   region.

       o Manage FlexMatch resources

	 o create-matchmaking-configuration -- Create a matchmaking configura-
	   tion with instructions for building a player group and placing in a
	   new game session.

	 o describe-matchmaking-configurations -- Retrieve matchmaking config-
	   urations defined a Amazon GameLift region.

	 o update-matchmaking-configuration -- Change settings for matchmaking
	   configuration. queue.

	 o delete-matchmaking-configuration -- Remove a matchmaking configura-
	   tion from the region.

	 o create-matchmaking-rule-set	--  Create  a set of rules to use when
	   searching for player matches.

	 o describe-matchmaking-rule-sets -- Retrieve  matchmaking  rule  sets
	   defined in a Amazon GameLift region.

	 o validate-matchmaking-rule-set  -- Verify syntax for a set of match-
	   making rules.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o accept-match

       o create-alias

       o create-build

       o create-fleet

       o create-game-session

       o create-game-session-queue

       o create-matchmaking-configuration

       o create-matchmaking-rule-set

       o create-player-session

       o create-player-sessions

       o create-vpc-peering-authorization

       o create-vpc-peering-connection

       o delete-alias

       o delete-build

       o delete-fleet

       o delete-game-session-queue

       o delete-matchmaking-configuration

       o delete-scaling-policy

       o delete-vpc-peering-authorization

       o delete-vpc-peering-connection

       o describe-alias

       o describe-build

       o describe-ec2-instance-limits

       o describe-fleet-attributes

       o describe-fleet-capacity

       o describe-fleet-events

       o describe-fleet-port-settings

       o describe-fleet-utilization

       o describe-game-session-details

       o describe-game-session-placement

       o describe-game-session-queues

       o describe-game-sessions

       o describe-instances

       o describe-matchmaking

       o describe-matchmaking-configurations

       o describe-matchmaking-rule-sets

       o describe-player-sessions

       o describe-runtime-configuration

       o describe-scaling-policies

       o describe-vpc-peering-authorizations

       o describe-vpc-peering-connections

       o get-game-session-log

       o get-game-session-log-url

       o get-instance-access

       o help

       o list-aliases

       o list-builds

       o list-fleets

       o put-scaling-policy

       o request-upload-credentials

       o resolve-alias

       o search-game-sessions

       o start-game-session-placement

       o start-matchmaking

       o stop-game-session-placement

       o stop-matchmaking

       o update-alias

       o update-build

       o update-fleet-attributes

       o update-fleet-capacity

       o update-fleet-port-settings

       o update-game-session

       o update-game-session-queue

       o update-matchmaking-configuration

       o update-runtime-configuration

       o upload-build

       o validate-matchmaking-rule-set



								    GAMELIFT()
