ELB()									 ELB()



NAME
       elb -

DESCRIPTION
       A load balancer distributes incoming traffic across your EC2 instances.
       This enables you to increase the availability of your application.  The
       load  balancer also monitors the health of its registered instances and
       ensures that it routes traffic only to healthy instances. You configure
       your load balancer to accept incoming traffic by specifying one or more
       listeners, which are configured with a protocol	and  port  number  for
       connections  from  clients to the load balancer and a protocol and port
       number for connections from the load balancer to the instances.

       Elastic Load Balancing supports two types of  load  balancers:  Classic
       Load  Balancers	and  Application  Load Balancers (new). A Classic Load
       Balancer makes routing and  load  balancing  decisions  either  at  the
       transport  layer  (TCP/SSL)  or the application layer (HTTP/HTTPS), and
       supports either EC2-Classic or a  VPC.  An  Application	Load  Balancer
       makes  routing  and  load  balancing decisions at the application layer
       (HTTP/HTTPS), supports path-based routing, and can  route  requests  to
       one  or	more  ports on each EC2 instance or container instance in your
       virtual private cloud (VPC). For more information, see the Elastic Load
       Balancing User Guide .

       This  reference	covers the 2012-06-01 API, which supports Classic Load
       Balancers. The 2015-12-01 API supports Application Load Balancers.

       To get started, create a load balancer with one or more listeners using
       create-load-balancer  .	Register your instances with the load balancer
       using  register-instances-with-load-balancer .

       All Elastic Load Balancing operations are idempotent , which means that
       they complete at most one time. If you repeat an operation, it succeeds
       with a 200 OK response code.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o add-tags

       o apply-security-groups-to-load-balancer

       o attach-load-balancer-to-subnets

       o configure-health-check

       o create-app-cookie-stickiness-policy

       o create-lb-cookie-stickiness-policy

       o create-load-balancer

       o create-load-balancer-listeners

       o create-load-balancer-policy

       o delete-load-balancer

       o delete-load-balancer-listeners

       o delete-load-balancer-policy

       o deregister-instances-from-load-balancer

       o describe-account-limits

       o describe-instance-health

       o describe-load-balancer-attributes

       o describe-load-balancer-policies

       o describe-load-balancer-policy-types

       o describe-load-balancers

       o describe-tags

       o detach-load-balancer-from-subnets

       o disable-availability-zones-for-load-balancer

       o enable-availability-zones-for-load-balancer

       o help

       o modify-load-balancer-attributes

       o register-instances-with-load-balancer

       o remove-tags

       o set-load-balancer-listener-ssl-certificate

       o set-load-balancer-policies-for-backend-server

       o set-load-balancer-policies-of-listener

       o wait



									 ELB()
